Everything can go
in the bedroom. Thank you.
(door closes)
(line ringing)
(traffic whooshing past)
(phone ringing)
-Hi.
-MARCIA: I'm checked in.
It's room 3405,
-you can come up now.
-Okay.
Mom, how much
does this room cost?
Don't worry about that.
Just tell me, how did it all go?
Most places don't want to do
a book deal with me,
but there was one team
that seemed kind of interested,
and they don't seem like
a tabloid, which is good.
Did you get the feeling
that they wanted you
to go into a lot of detail?
They said it would be
my version of the story,
however I feel comfortable
telling it.
And they said if I want, I can
write it with Andrew Morton.
Guy who wrote
Princess Diana's book with her.
-Wow.
-That book was the...
the thing that finally let
people see her side of it all.
Mom, we need to pay
for these lawyers.
I know.
And maybe I'm naive, but...
it could give me a chance
to show people who I really am.
Finally.
(indistinct chatter)
WISENBERG:
At all. Seriously. I mean...
Kavanaugh. Section two,
subsection four of the grounds,
you put in,
"Wanting to go down on her,
but she stops him"?
-So?
-So, you're doing grounds
for impeachment.
-Paul and I are doing
the full narrative.
-Right here.
She stopped him
for a physical reason,
Ms. Lewinsky did then perform
oral sex on him."
Take it out of your part.
Then my subsection four is just
"He fondled her bare breasts
with his hands and mouth."
-PAUL: Okay, what...
-The...
Why would I only describe half
of what happened?
That whole day goes
into his intent to arouse.
Yes, that's why
it's in our section,
-which comes before yours.
-You're assuming
that they're gonna
be reading it in order.
What does that even mean? What
other way is there to read it?
You're just pissed
that I took Clinton
jerking off into a sink
from you.
Okay, why is that
even in the report?
I mean, how does it
have anything
to do with him touching her
with the intent to arouse?
-Shut up, Mikey. Emmick
-You are such a commie.
can't handle her bullshit.
-Hey.
Just leave it all where it is.
We don't have time.
We have to start printing now.
Boys and girls, this is it.
What have we got here?
Great job, everybody.
(chuckles)
Big day.
All right. Oh.
Here's the big guy.
The leader.
Everyone, if I may.
The media has accused us
of an unfair, partisan crusade,
a witch hunt that would
inevitably come to nothing.
And they tried
to kill your faith,
but they he did not know
your fortitude.
So, in prayerful, steady, quiet,
you built this.
I am proud of this report.
It is thorough, bulletproof,
irrefutably true.
It shows that no president
is above the law.
That's good.
Thank you, sir.
Hey. Must be
how the Democrats felt
before they sacked Nixon, right?
Uh, you know what? Uh...
All right,
I'll meet you down there.
I'll-I'll see you down there.
I'll be right back.
-Hurry up!
-All right.
(line ringing)
(ringing)
-Myers.
-Yeah, it's me.
Our report is done.
I got a van ready to roll,
less than five minutes.
-What?
-Yeah.
Call New York. Tell them
to put Brokaw on a desk.
Get me a camera crew
and a producer.
I'm going to the Capitol.
(phone ringing)
(sighs)
Hey. What's up?
David, do you have a comment on
Ken Starr's report being done?
-I hear it's on its way
to the Capitol.
-W-What, today?
-Nope, now.
-Now?
-Right no...
-BETTY: Hello?
-Betty. It's David.
Is the president in?
No one on the Hill
got a heads-up?
How is that even possible?
MAN (over TV):
...and try to get
some answers for you.
Again, it's, uh,
what is unfolding.
Mr. President?
David Kendall.
-David.
-I just got a call from NBC
asking for comment.
Ken Starr's report
is on its way.
-To us?
-To the Capitol, sir.
(indistinct chatter)
Guys, can we get your help
down here?
You can open up that up.
Open up the back. Come on.
Take the red ones.
I need the red ones
into the minivan.
The rest go up to the committee.
(phone rings)
Hey, Dan.
What?
Monica, get in here.
(TV playing indistinctly)
REPORTER:
Newt Gingrich
and the sergeant at arms
were only notified about
the arrival of the report
a short time ago.
Oh, my God.
*
What we're watching right now
is the Capitol Police...
How fast can we get our hands
on that report?
Ingraham might know.
She's dating Lindsey Graham now.
Four years, Mike.
Nothing worth doing
is easy, right? Huh?
Come on.
-What's in it?
-We still don't have a copy.
When will we?
Very soon, like everyone else.
The hell does that mean?
RUFF:
Congressional leadership decidd
to put it on the Internet.
The complete report.
*
Here we go.
(mouse clicks)
BOB SCHIEFFER (over TV):
The seal will be broken
by the sergeant at arms
of the House,
and they will begin making
Xerox copies of this report.
So, the followings things
you should know,
that on the CBS website,
if you want to get the report
during, uh, this afternoon,
this is our Internet address.
Uh, we'll have
a special broadcast...
...coming up
on this CBS station,
we'll bring you the details,
uh, of the Starr Report
as soon as we get them.
There'll be complete coverage,
of course,
on tonight's CBS Evening News.
WOMAN:
Do you think we could get
a couple of copies over here?
MAN:
I need it. I'm on in 30 seconds.
-Now...
-WOMAN: Wait, what is it? What?
Wait, what did it say?
-Oh, my God.
-Holy shit.
-Page 174,
"He put a cigar in her..."
-(Monica panting)
-Why don't we give you a second
to take a deep breath
so you can scan that over?
-Did you get it?
-Not yet.
MARCIA:
Is it arriving?
(phone rings)
Hello?
Oh, it's your dad.
Um, no, no,
it's-it's just a white page.
There's a-a little,
um, an hourglass,
and it-it's just turning.
-Uh, what does that mean?
-It's trying to load, Mom.
Okay, well... Oh, well...
He says that his nurses
are having trouble
putting it
on their computers, too.
Well, why-why don't you
just ask a resident?
Wouldn't that help?
-I got it. I got it.
-What does it say?
Hold on, hold on.
I'm at the table of contents.
Oh, my God, November 15.
"Sexual encounter."
Go to it. Go to it!
This goes into
considerable detail,
some of which I won't go into.
Uh, let me just read
one passage...
Oh, my God, Mom. You have
to tell Dad not to read this.
Bernie, don't look at it.
Don't look at it.
CONWAY:
He fucked her
with a cigar.
What?
-Right here.
-I'm sure it doesn't say that.
"The president inserted a cigar
into Miss Lewinsky's vagina,
then put the cigar in his mouth
and said, 'It tastes good.'"
-Am I high?
-No.
Did I take LSD?
No, this is real.
This is a real report
to U.S. Congress.
Ms. Lewinsky testified,
"When I was working there
"in the White House,
we'd start in the back,
"in or near his private study,
"and we'd talk,
and that was where
we were physically intimate."
Aside from his family,
friends and staff,
which I don't know exactly
which category that would be i.
So, at one time
during this relationship,
the president was
complaining, uh, that
he was getting
bad treatment from Monica...
-Oh, come on.
-(mouse clicks)
Uh, here's another...
-Come on.
-(rapid clicking)
No, no, no, no, no, no!
Goddamn it!
CROWLEY:
According to Ms. Lewinsky, she
noticed stains on the garment
the next time she took it
from her closet.
From their location,
she surmised,
in essence, that the stains--
I'm paraphrasing now--
um, were in essence, the
president's, uh, bodily fluid.
Wait, what? I don't understand
where any of this happened.
Right by the Oval Office.
Poor Monica.
Why would she tell them
all this detail?
During this time,
the president took a phone cal,
so we moved into
another office where, uh,
she allegedly performed
oral sex on the president.
Uh, I think I ought to read
some more of this.
I may go down a little...
MAN:
Sir, the whole Internet
is down. We're doing everything
we can to bring it back up.
I don't understand
-why you're using this tone...
-No, I have this tone, sir,
because I am paying you
to host a political news site,
which you apparently can't keep
running, even in the middle
of the biggest political
news story of our lives!
Mr. Drudge, we can do a post
saying it's not updating
-right now.
-No, I don't want you to post.
I need to post!
The government is falling.
Fix it!
(phone clatters)
STUDENT:
"The president zipped up
quickly and went out.
"Ms. Lewinsky remembers laughing
because he walked out
to his office
visibly aroused." Uh...
-(mouse clicking)
-Wait, fuck. Hey, fuck,
it's not loading.
-The servers are down.
-Try the Library
of Congress site.
Uh, that's been crashed
for an hour.
-Wait, Kim, do you have it?
-I loaded the file.
Yeah, come on, come on.
Let's see.
-Come on, come on.
I need to see.
-Shut up.
Shut up, I'm reading.
Huh, look: he ejaculated.
-Ew.
-Oh, my God.
Ken Starr wrote this?
Ken Starr, who probably
conceived his children
through a hole in the wall
between his garage
and his prayer room?
These chapter titles.
"Ms. Lewinsky's Frustrations"?
Like Danielle Steel.
(short chuckle)
Oh, hold on.
Okay, finally, on page 154.
I'm-I'm looking
at a legal argument.
Here we go:
"grounds for impeachment."
It... No, it's just more sex.
(sighs)
What were they doing?
I don't know,
but it is spectacular.
(chuckles)
MAN:
Hey, I need those stats.
Do you have them?
In the whole report,
the word "impeachment" appears
15 times, "breasts" 62 times,
"cigar" 23 times,
"semen" 19 times,
"vagina," five times,
"genital" or "genitalia"
64 times.
"Love" 18 times.
That's right, Tom,
the scene here at the Capitol
is one of palpable shock.
Page 18, it describes phone sex
between the president
and Monica Lewinsky.
This, according
to her testimony.
Page 32, a form of a sex game
allegedly played
by the president
and Monica Lewinsky.
CONWAY:
She had orgasms
on three or four occasions
when he touched her genitals.
Once he covered her mouth
to keep her quiet
as she orgasmed.
I mean, Strom Thurmond
is reading this right now.
-Yeah, with one hand.
-I need to take a shower.
Yeah, I can't believe
the OIC did this.
You know,
nobody's gonna read this
a-and think about
his actual crimes.
Okay, relax, Conway.
Yes, Bill Clinton
is the most shameless
coagulum of skin ever born
in a trailer park,
but even he can't
withstand this.
-You think he'll resign?
-It's too humiliating.
He embarrassed the country.
He embarrassed humanity.
He's done.
It's...
KENDALL:
It's hundreds
-of pages of...
-I've read it.
Mr. President, it's vile.
But ultimately,
what they are arguing
is possible perjury
in a minor lawsuit
on a topic totally unrelated
to Paula Jones herself.
That that is a crime
against the republic--
y... no sane person
would find that impeachable.
Have you met
Republican leadership?
BLUMENTHAL:
You're right.
I spoke to Schumer just now.
The GOP is writing up
the articles.
Of course they are.
They were always going to.
Honestly, sir, I-I...
I think that Starr
has made a huge mistake.
This whole thing
is completely out of proportion.
It's way too personal.
That'll be our argument.
Well, go make it.
(door opens)
Hillary.
I haven't read it.
I won't read it.
But Chelsea has.
(door closes)
JON STEWART:
Listen, the truth
is on your side.
This is impeachment,
So hang in there.
Good luck, kid. Now...
if it's not too much trouble,
back into me.
(audience laughter)
Yeah, no, slowly. Yeah.
No, no, no, no. Oh.
Yeah, baby. Is that a thong?
-Shipoopi.
-(laughter)
LINDA:
I'm just going to, uh,
Semmes, Bowen & Semmes.
Sign in, please.
Can I see photo ID?
-Go ahead.
-Thank you.
-That's Linda Tripp.
-(laughs)
(both laugh)
(button clicking rapidly)
(elevator bell chimes)
ZACCAGNINI:
You doing okay?
I've, uh, I've been sending
emails to Ken Bacon,
asking to return to my duty
station at the Pentagon.
-You have to stop
contacting him.
-I know he won't reply,
but I had the idea to, uh,
create a paper trail.
I-I understand
that you don't think it wise
-to file suit against DoD...
-L-Linda, stop.
T-That's enough, that's enough.
We...
(clears throat)
We have a serious problem
in Maryland.
I heard from
the state prosecutor's office,
and they are preparing
an indictment against you
for the taping.
What?
T-That that's not possible.
I have immunity
from prosecution.
They're arguing you have
federal immunity and not state.
That's not at all
what I was told.
Uh, call Judge Starr.
This area of the law
is-is a little complicated.
It's not complicated.
The Starr Report only exists
because I called OIC one night
and offered access
to my tapes in exchange
for full immunity.
I made
the extraordinary decision
to pick up that phone precisely
so that this would
never, ever happen.
You have to make them stop.
Linda, Maryland
is a Democratic state.
-(scoffs)
-And I don't know
how to put this nicely,
but prosecuting you for the
tapings is a very popular idea.
Well, that's horrifying,
but actually,
it shouldn't matter
because I have immunity,
Which I will argue
before a judge,
but we have to prepare
for the possibility of a trial.
And unfortunately,
given all the charged emotions
around this case,
Monica Lewinsky will be
a very persuasive witness.
Monica?
She would come
testify against you.
That can't happen.
That cannot happen.
We'll do our best to fight it.
Do you understand
what my life is like right now?
Every day there is a new
investigation being launched
against me by some arm
of the government.
-It's just...
-I'm being locked out of my job.
I can't go anywhere
without being sneered at.
Every night, I-I go check
on all of my locks on my doors
and then-then, I just lie there,
awake in bed, terrified,
because people know
where I live.
I tried to do the right thing.
I trusted our institutions
to protect a person like me,
but instead I've been abandoned
to an unceasing nightmare
in which everyone on the planet
somehow agrees
that in this whole,
god-awful national tragedy,
I'm the villain.
It doesn't make any sense.
A group of leading feminists
held a press conference today
to show their support
for President Clinton
as impeachment charges
swell in the House.
We are witnessing
a revenge campaign
to hound President Clinton
out of office.
PATRICIA IRELAND:
As feminist leaders,
we will not stand idly by
while Congress,
made up of nearly 90% men,
attempt to remove
the first president
elected by women voters.
Meanwhile, reports today that
the House Judiciary Committee
will soon release the 37 tapes.
It is 22 hours of information,
conversations secretly...
Hey.
I'm making some coffee
if you want some.
-Sure.
-Ugh, I need to wake up.
I have to talk
to my lawyers later.
Um, I'm, uh, I'm gonna go
with Golden Delicious.
Monica?
I didn't read it.
MAN:
Are you searching
for wisdom in your life?
Hi, I'm Paula Jones.
That's right.
Connect with me and I will guie
you with answers and advice.
Get help finding love, money
or the career you deserve.
Call 1-900-884-1221,
and I will inform you
of your future.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
(phone ringing)
DELMER:
Paula?
-(Paula sighs)
-(TV playing indistinctly)
Preston, what are you doing,
honey?
-Mama, c-can you watch him?
-Oh, I'm sorry.
Hello, this is the Celebrity
Psychic Friends Network.
This is Paula Jones.
What is your name?
GINGER:
Um, it's Ginger.
Oh, hello, Ginger.
I'm-I'm so glad you called.
Are you having to make
a big decision in,
uh, in your life,
or should I just tell you
what I'm sensing?
-(laughs)
-Uh, Ginger,
I am sensing that you are
at a crossroads in your life.
Do you feel
that there is someone
who is holding you back
from taking the right path?
(woman and man laughing)
Ginger?
Ginger, have you been
drinking, girl?
-Someone wants to talk to you.
-Shh! Shh!
Oh, okay.
MAN (Southern accent):
Hey, Paula, you seen
my saxophone?
I need you to blow on it.
(laughs)
(woman laughing)
At least you're getting calls.
If they hang up before
five minutes, I get nothing.
What are we gonna do?
I don't see why Steve
can't help more.
Still doesn't have a job, Mommy.
He's got nothing to send.
Well. Well, last night,
I got to thinking,
can't you go and get your job
with the state again?
-They know you.
-Mama, no one's gonna
hire me there after everything.
I can't even get a job
at the Pizza Hut on Center
'cause they said
that I would distract
the customers and the clientele.
Honey, you can always stay here
as long as you need.
Can't she?
I want you both here.
Now, come on.
Come out with us, baby.
-It'll be fun. Okay.
-It's okay.
All right.
-Mom...
-Don't... Go do it.
Don't let Grandma smash you.
(door closes)
(sighs): Oh, my God.
*
-CACHERIS: Monica.
-Plato, are you watching?
They're about to release them.
We've been through this.
We had no way to stop it.
Yes, I know, I-I thought...
I just thought that you could
just call Kenneth Starr, okay?
And you could tell him that
I have to release a statement
because I have to say
how sorry I am about all this,
and that I'm-I'm sorry, Hillary,
and I'm sorry to Chelsea.
-Okay? Please.
-Monica, you're under
a gag order.
You do not understand
how bad these tapes are.
Okay?
And this is the first time
that the public's
gonna hear my voice. I...
-I understand.
-I just want to say
two sentences.
That's it.
I know, but Starr
will never allow it.
Not until after you testify.
I'm sorry.
(sighs)
-(knocking on door)
-Barb, I'm just gonna
stay in today.
Hi.
-Actually not Barb. (laughs)
-Oh, my God!
How have you been?
It's crazy, I never hear
anything about you.
How are you here?
I heard they might be playing
the tapes today,
so I thought I'd get on a plane
and come distract you.
Cat, that's...
(tongue clicks)
Um...
-Jesus Christ.
-It's just Estazolam.
Don't worry,
I was gonna sleep through it.
This isn't my first day
like today,
-and I've learned to plan ahead.
-Oh.
Well, I had
a different plan.
What?
ANCHOR:
Okay, I think we have
our first tape queued up
and ready to go here.
A conversation
between Monica Lewinsky
and Linda Tripp
concerning various topics.
Let's listen.
LINDA:
Any news on the job front?
MONICA:
Ugh. No, but I just
got back from the mall,
and I bought you a mixtape
to kick-start your workout pla.
I think you'll like it, 'cause
it's songs for your generation.
-LINDA: What songs?
-MONICA: "Heard It
Through the Grapevine."
-LINDA: Okay.
-MONICA: "Stop!
In the Name of Love."
-LINDA: Okay.
-MONICA: * Who put the bomp *
* In the bop
shoo bop shoo bop? *
-Do Like any of those songs?
-LINDA: No, Monica. I don't.
MONICA (voice-over):
Did you read it?
Of course not.
Well, that makes, uh, you
and my dad out of six billion.
At least you helped
the whole world
learn how to use the Internet.
Not really how I wanted
to contribute to society.
Okay.
It's not all you'll do in life.
Oh, really? What do you see
for me? I'm gonna...
what, open a school
for troubled children, or...
-Sure.
-Hi, I'm Monica Lewinsky.
-I'm gonna teach your kids now.
-Why not?
Okay.
Hi, I'm Monica Lewinsky,
and today we're gonna learn
about the great men
that have served as President
of the United States.
And who better to speak to that?
-You're wrong.
-(laughs)
(laughing):
That's not nice.
-Oh, God, I haven't
laughed in a long time.
-Oh.
Look... next year,
you'll be in New York.
We'll be at
some mediocre brunch place,
and you'll be telling me
about some funny date you had.
Yeah, it's gonna
go really well for me.
I just need to find
someone who's been in a...
-a coma for a really long time.
-Stop.
No, you don't get it.
It's that
or it's a long line of guys
that just want to brag
to their friends
that they did everything
that's in the Starr Report.
-You can weed those guys out.
-And be left with what--
a decent person
who wants to start a family?
Yes.
Cat, you're looking at
the best-selling
Halloween costume this year.
-That's who you're
on hike with.
-I know.
Came with a cigar.
I know.
Saw that.
-I bought one for myself.
-What?
CAT: (chuckles):
Oh, my God.
Look at that. (laughs)
Wow.
What?
-Nothing.
-Aw.
Had to think about the tapes.
I can't help it.
There're that bad.
They put me in
a conference room,
and I had to sit
and listen to each tape
-and sign that it was me.
-What?
I was so sad at that time,
and she captured
every single second of it.
When I listen to it back,
I mean, it's...
it's so clear she knew
she was taping.
In the moment,
I had no idea, and...
God, the things you say
when you're not even thinking.
I mean, the random shit
that comes out of your mouth
when you're just-just talking,
killing time on the phone
to a friend,
and when I talk about him...
...I-I clearly couldn't see
how bad it was at the time
because I did not
recognize myself.
I sound...
so lost and-and obsessed
and desperate.
Totally out of control.
And now everyone
gets to listen to it.
And watch it on TV.
Hey.
It's either moping on this hill,
or making the 1:00
You've Got Mail.
Meg.
-Good answer.
-(laughs)
MALE PUNDIT (on TV):
Well, I mean, it...
Look, it's fascinating.
Linda Tripp in that
nasal tone, manipulating
the higher-pitch Monica Lewinsy
FEMALE PUNDIT:
Let me just say one thing.
Nobody deserves Linda Tripp.
You know, for the life of me,
I don't understand
how you work with someone
every day,
you look them in the eyes
as a friend,
and then at night you go home
and hit the on button
on your RadioShack
tape recorder.
To me, you do that,
you lose membership
in the human family.
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah.
I am, actually.
(door opens)
(sighs)
TALK SHOW HOST:
All right, so, uh,
in summation... (chuckles)
What Lewinsky might find is
that the public is very fickle,
that men in sex scandals
often get second chances,
and that women rarely do.
Well, can you imagine
your son coming home and sayin,
"I'm going to marry
Monica Lewinsky"?
Is the congressman in?
-He's at a fundraiser.
-I need to show you something.
I'm working on
the impeachment charges.
I've been digging into
the appendices.
My whole life is
Ken Starr's appendices.
-Sounds fun.
-I kept hitting this footnote
about one of
the Paula Jones witnesses.
Jane Doe 5.
She had some kind of messed-up
encounter with Clinton.
-What do you mean, "messed-up"?
-That's just it.
It was confusing.
And the source it pointed to
wasn't anywhere I can find.
Then I realized--
it's in the vault.
This is where they keep
all the sealed evidence.
Shut that.
Jane Doe 5 filed this affidavit
last year,
saying she never had
any encounter with Bill Clinton.
But here is what
she told the FBI this year
when they came
to follow up on it.
*
Who knows about this?
(door closes)
(beep)
Juanita,
my name is Richard Perry.
I work with
Congressman Lindsey Graham.
The congressman would
like to have
an informal
phone conversation with you.
Please give us a call back
at 202-555-7893.
(beep)
Hi, Mike Walker
with the National Enquirer.
I've got a cash offer I would
like to talk to you about.
Give me a buzz back
at 310-555-0122.
(beep)
Hi, Juanita, this is Lisa Myer.
I'm a reporter with NBC News.
I wonder if
you and I could talk.
The date. Right.
Okay, all right.
(clears throat)
Where do I look
when I'm talking?
To me, just like
a normal conversation.
When will we know
when it'll air?
NBC should decide soon.
But don't worry, I won't
let it take you by surprise.
But it'll be before it's
all over, the impeachment?
I have every reason
to believe it will.
Are you ready?
(deep inhale, exhale)
-Okay, we are rolling.
-(Myers clears throat)
BLUMENTHAL:
If the impeachment vote
were today,
it would be 204 yeas,
195 nays
and 35 undecided.
-Where is Shays?
-Undecided right now.
Wh... I thought we had him.
A lot of the moderates
are leaning no,
-but they're getting pressure
from the right.
-(sighs)
The whole goddamn party
is going insane.
We-we just need to
keep giving them reasons
-to stay in our tent.
-Yeah, I-I'm going crazy
doing nothing.
I feel I should be working
the phones.
Sir, you know you can't do that.
-I-If that got out...
-I do... I have,
uh, one thought.
Some of the undecideds
are in districts
where the first lady
is pretty popular,
and we thought that
if she were to make
a few targeted calls,
it-it might help.
Uh, people, they want
to hear from Hillary.
-Maybe you could
talk to her staff.
-Sure.
-Absolutely, Mr. President,
-Mr. President.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Have you seen the polling?
Hillary's numbers are insane.
God, if you had told me in 1992
she'd ever be this popular,
I'd have thought
you were on crack.
HUMA:
The Vogue shoot is next week.
They want to use
The Roosevelt Room.
Okay, whatever
they think is best.
-(beep) -ASSISTANT: Ma'am,
Congressman Rangel.
Hey, Charlie,
what can I do for you?
Moynihan's making it official
next week: he's retiring.
There's going to be
an open Senate seat
in the great state of New York.
The whole party here,
all of us--
down to the girl
who gets the coffees--
you're our first choice,
Hillary.
What do you say?
DELMA: She's good at it.
You ready?
-Oh. Oh, bravo!
-(phone ringing)
So good. (chuckles)
Want to try another one? Okay.
Keep on hitting the pool.
Hello.
Paula? It's Susan.
(gasps) Oh, my gosh. Susie!
I miss you.
Um, I'm actually...
-I'm coming out there soon.
-Yes, I know.
I also heard who's
bringing you out and what for.
(sighs)
Paula?
This is the worst thing
that you could possibly do.
Many of our friends
are very distraught
over your psychic hotline.
-Oh, you know, that was just
me reading a script.
-No, no, no.
It is against
our religion, Paula.
It deals with the occult,
but I defended you.
I said, "It's not her,
it's a mistake.
Let it go."
But now this?
This I cannot defend.
-I won't.
-Well, you-you don't have to,
because it is just, um,
an interview
about my experience,
um, you know, with the case.
-(chuckles)
-It is Penthouse magazine.
No, but-but they
said that, um...
They said it was just
a few tasteful photos.
You know, real tasteful.
It is cowardly to lie
to yourself about what this is
and what men
use this magazine for.
Susie.
I have legal problems,
tax problems,
that I don't...
I don't even understand.
Something about my legal fund
being set up all wrong.
-And...
-No, no, no, no. Don't.
Don't try to blame this
on the many generous people
-who have helped you.
-Well, I'm not, I'm not,
but nobody...
nobody is around anymore,
and, um...
(chuckles) I can't get
a job here, so, um...
So I don't...
I don't have a choice.
Of course you have a choice.
Now, you are going to hang up
and call them and tell them
that you are backing out.
I already signed it.
I can't do that.
Susie, I need the money.
(line clicks)
-(dial tone)
(scoffs)
(door closes)
Mrs. Clinton.
Yeah, I pinch myself
to get to work
-in all these beautiful houses.
-(chuckles)
Let's get you up to Teresa.
She takes you through the work.
Come on up.
-(chuckles)
-I would like you
to sit on the sofa,
-if you don't mind.
-Okay.
(takes deep breath)
WOMAN:
Your hair
holds the sexy texture so well.
(chuckles):
I know.
Gosh, the past few years,
people have been making me
wear it so flat, but...
I like my hair happy,
and I like to dress
pretty and attractive, and...
I don't know
what's so wrong with that.
Some people try
to make you feel bad
-for looking good.
-Right? I know. (chuckles)
-What do you think?
-Oh, I love it.
Oh, you are so talented.
Thank you so much.
-Gosh, I wish I could do that.
-(chuckles)
-Can I ask you something?
-Mm-hmm.
Just between us?
When you were alone with
the President in that room...
(chuckles)
...you did it, didn't you?
*
(softly):
Thank you.
(shutter clicks)
-Is that what she's wearing?
-Yeah.
All right, Paula.
Uh, just relax, relax.
-Put your arms down.
That's good.
-(sighs): Okay.
Good, just open this up
a little bit.
-Uh, lean forward. Good.
-(shutter clicks)
Uh, lean forward. Let me see
what that looks like.
Okay, good.
-Can you look right at me?
-Yeah.
Perfect.
Can you put your leg up
on that banister?
-Okay.
-Yeah.
-Now do you knee. Great.
-Okay.
Okay, give me a profile.
All right, we got it.
Let's do the nudes.
Tony, let me talk to you
for a sec.
-Go slay it.
-(inhales sharply) Okay.
Here we go.
-Having fun, Paula?
-Oh, so much fun. (chuckles)
Uh, I'm gonna put you
right up there.
-Okay.
-Oh, Paula, Paula.
Take your top off.
You agreed to the nudes.
Remember?
Uh, right. Yes, um...
Uh, we said they were gonna be
really tasteful, right?
Of course they will be,
sweetheart.
Now can I please see you
without your top on?
-Go ahead.
-Okay.
(chuckles nervously)
All the way off.
(photographer chuckles)
Great. Good.
Bottoms, too.
-(clears throat)
-That's great. That's good.
-(shutter clicking)
-Good, let me see you smile.
(shutter clicks)
(door opens)
(door closes)
Podesta says
we just lost Castle.
Nine are going with him,
and now Shays is leaning yes.
The fuck is going on?
Do you know a woman
named Juanita Broderick?
-She's a...
-I know who she is.
She was a campaign supporter
in the '70s.
Why are you asking?
She's the reason
we're losing the votes.
Well, that doesn't
make any sense.
You know, the lunatic right
in Little Rock
tried to start a rumor
about me and her years ago.
She said many times
it isn't true.
She said it under oath.
She even came out this year
and said nothing happened
-in an affidavit.
-Well, that's the problem.
Apparently,
she told Starr's agents
that affidavit was a lie.
Starr put the FBI 302
in with the sealed evidence
that got sent to the Hill.
-What does it say? Be specific.
-We don't have access,
but I have heard from
several people
that it says
that you assaulted her.
She's fucking lying.
You know, they take these women
and they hound 'em
and they scare 'em.
20 years
they've been working on her
until she finally broke.
It's fucking insane.
And fucking Starr takes
his little poison pill
and puts it in his little box.
He knows what he's doing.
I can't fight a charge
I can't even see.
You know, they-they
create a lie about me
and another lie
and another lie,
and I can't...
I can't even get the truth out,
because if I say anything
then i-it just brings it
more attention.
But when they spread
something like this,
you know, once-once it gets out,
there's nothing you can do.
It never goes away.
It's a lie.
It's another fucking lie.
It's... it's not even a new one.
Well, I know, sir,
but I got to tell you,
Sid says that she is doing
a sit-down with Dateline.
-When?
-We don't know.
But no matter what,
it is tipping the undecideds
to yes on impeachment.
*
(quiet chatter)
MALE REPORTER:
Holy crap, she's here.
-(laughter)
-I can't believe
she would show her face.
(murmuring, laughter)
Ah!
(sighs)
There's a broad
who could use a goddamn drink.
-(chuckles)
-Hi.
All right, come on,
let's get sauced.
Oh... (chuckles)
LUCIANNE:
So, tell me,
what's it like
to be incredibly notorious?
Well...
(sighs)
The White House and Pentagon
have, uh, deployed
a multipronged strategy
to destroy my career
and my reputation.
And now the state of Maryland
is-is pursuing
an extrajudicial
political prosecution
-against me.
-Jesus.
Clearly, Mrs. Clinton
has made a few calls,
but you know how it is.
As long as there's
no curiously-timed Mack truck
in my future,
I'll consider myself lucky.
Well, the upside
to being cast as a black cat
in this fiasco is that
you're too famous
to be on their kill list.
(scoffs)
Let's hope so.
Listen, I wanted you
to hear this for me first.
Monica's doing a book.
St. Martin's Press, half a mil.
That got Andrew Morton
to write it with her,
like he did for Lady Di.
That book was a smash.
Diana?
Yeah.
-It'll be huge.
-Princess Diana.
You dong the president,
you get the rewards.
Everyone wants to hear
from Monica. (laughs)
(scoffs)
Well...
She finally has the attention
she has always craved.
I bet she is
absolutely loving this.
Look, I can make a few calls,
see if one of the small
conservative presses might bite,
but the truth is...
the truth is the Starr Report's
already put all the goods out
on the avenue,
the market's gone soft,
and with Monica...
This was never
about a book for me.
All right.
But you can't say
we didn't have fun.
(Linda scoffs)
Mmm. God, I'll miss the Clintons
when they go.
(scoffs)
They were great for books.
Come on,
let's go make the rounds.
*
(woman laughing)
No, all right, well,
then I'll take care of it.
-I mean, we just need to...
-(overlapping chatter)
Got to drop our stuff...
-Yes, please, please. Can we?
-Yes.
Excuse me. Do you know, uh,
is the restaurant here any good?
Oh, uh, yes, very classic.
-Their Cobb salad is famous.
-(elevator bell dings)
Are you Linda Tripp?
You did a hideous thing.
(laughter)
-MAN: Well said.
-WOMAN: What?
What's going on?
I'm just planning my day
for tomorrow.
NSA briefing in the morning.
Lunch with Podesta.
Impeached in the afternoon.
Then I'll face the country.
History will savage them, Bill.
That's fine.
I just don't know
what we do right now.
Same as always:
we keep fighting.
We're not done.
Not even close.
*
ANNOUNCER:
Here is Dan Rather.
Good day,
from the nation's capital,
on a solemn and pivotal day
for the president, for
the Congress and the country.
(elevator bell dings)
MALE REPORTER:
They're voting on Article I.
Charging the president with
perjury before a grand jury.
I think what you may be seeing
is Democrats leaving the chambr
to go out to the front steps
of the House.
They intend to stay out
for just a short period of tim.
On this vote,
the yeas are 228,
the nays are 206.
-Article I is adopted.
-(gavel bangs)
-(laughter)
-MALE REPORTER: This is
how history will change--
with the sound of laughter
in the background.
William Jefferson Clinton
has been impeached
by the House of Representatives
on at least one article.
This guarantees
that this will go to the Senat.
(TV clicks off)
Want to hear a joke?
There's this guy
caught on a cliff in a storm.
Wind and rain raging.
He's trying
to hold on to a branch.
It's about
to slip out of his hands.
He's about to fall.
He looks up and he says,
"Why me, God?"
And God looks down on him
and says...
..."I just don't like you."
*
Matt Drudge here, Fox News,
somewhere in midtown Manhattan.
Tonight's headlines:
NBC bigwigs at war
over their Juanita Broaddrick
interview.
Monica back in D.C. to testify
and Paula Jones in Penthouse.
Joining me here to talk
about all this at the desk
is Ann Coulter, author
of High Crimes and Misdemeano.
Ann, what's your take
on all this?
Um, let me just say,
Juanita Broaddrick
is very credible,
but even worse than that
is Paula Jones.
I'm deeply, pathetically
despondent over what she's done.
I mean, she was our Rosa Parks.
She was the hero in
"a David and Goliath" conflict.
She used to have dignity
and nobility
and tremendous courage.
And now?
Turns out she's just the trailer
park trash they said she was.
(knocking)
-Oh.
-DRUDGE: Did you like my set?
I told them Dragnet
meets Star Trek.
It's very fun.
It's so unusual.
How do you think I'm doing?
You're so good
at sitting still out there.
Oh, takes practice.
You'll do it.
That's what Roger Ailes
just said.
It takes time.
When does this air again?
Saturday night at 9:00.
Oh, well, that's a great time
for a news show.
-(laughs)
-(chuckles) God.
what about you? Would you ever
want to do your own show?
(sighs)
I was told
I would get
too many FCC violations.
Oh, well, I'm not
crying for you,
-Ms. New York Times Best Seller.
-Oh.
You know, I'm doing
a segment on this moment.
What do you mean?
Our moment.
It's the dawn
of a new conservative era.
Can't argue,
we're all in demand.
Even Ingraham.
But, Drudge,
the sitting president
of the United States is a felon.
We exposed him-- you, me,
Conway... Starr exposed
more disgusting detail
than we even knew existed.
But if he ran
for a third term today,
he'd win.
Hillary, a walking void
of charisma,
a sentient bag of ice chips
is-is so popular right now.
She's going to be in the Senate.
We showed this country exactly
who they are and they said,
"Yes, please,
could we have some more?"
They're who America
want in power.
Not us.
Oh, I don't know
if it's all that bleak.
The head of our justice system
lied under oath
and got off scot-free.
We have no rule of law anymore.
But sure, Drudge, don't worry,
our side is going to run
the stupidest Bush
for president.
Oh, and the impotent GOP
is calling
on our secret weapon
for the thousandth time.
DRUDGE:
I cannot believe they're
calling her in again.
She must hate it.
Oh, she'll be fine.
If there's one thing
we know she loves,
it's being in a room
with old men.
(both laugh)
It's true.
(crowd shouting, clamoring)
It'll be three Republican
members of congress.
They don't have enough votes
to convict him,
so they're gonna try
to rattle you.
-Have you say
something different than...
-This is my 22nd time
being questioned about this.
I got it.
You signed an affidavit
stating you never
had sexual relations
with the president.
Was that untrue?
Yes, it was, as I stated
in my prior testimony.
So do you believe it was
in President Clinton's
best interest for you to lie
on that affidavit?
I don't really feel comfortable
speaking what he believed
to be in his best interest.
Well, it certainly wasn't
in your own best interest.
No, actually it was.
Why w... why would it be
in your best interest
to file a false affidavit?
'Cause I was trying to avoid
testifying in public
about a personal relationship
like I'm doing right now.
Can we move along here?
I'm paying my lawyers umpteen
thousand dollars an hour.
It's coming out of my pocket.
Please, can we
get this over with?
Miss Lewinsky, Miss Lewinsky.
The, uh, president
wanted us to relay
a message to you on his behalf.
We just wanted to express
how sorry he is
for everything
that you've been through.
Is that it?
Uh, well, Charles and I
are also very sorry
for-for everything
that you've experienced.
CHARLES:
Yes.
Indeed.
Thank you.
Fellas.
An acquittal is
virtually assured
on both of the two counts...
(exhales)
(Dan Rather speaking
indistinctly on TV)
(register beeping)
(register clanging)
(chuckles)
So there's no confusion,
acquittal for the president
on both of the charges
now seemed assured.
The first charge, perjury,
seems destined not to get
even a simple majority.
Can't believe this.
(sniffles)
It's so fucking gross.
Language.
ALLISON: (scoffs)
It doesn't make any sense.
It was always
gonna end this way.
You said that he was gonna
have to resign.
Well, I got caught up
in the dramatics
-of the whole scenario.
-Okay, so that's it, then?
-The lesson here is
that you should've just lied.
-No.
That's not the lesson.
(sighs)
You know why
I never told you
about my father?
Because I didn't want to let
my child know how completely
fantastic life tends
to turn out for liars.
Of course, as a kid, I didn't
realize what he was.
I worshipped him.
He was an incredibly strict man.
He was sort of a... avatar
of moral certitude.
And then one day,
when I was a teenager,
he announced he was...
Walking out of our family.
To be with a woman
he met at the school.
I mean, I begged him to stay.
I knew it was pathetic.
I offered him my room.
He didn't care.
He got in his car
and drove away.
But...
that wasn't the worst of it.
Because after he left,
the truth came out.
For years-- my entire life--
he'd been having affairs
with women
all over Morris County.
And everyone had known.
The kids at school,
all the neighbors, everyone.
It was so humiliating.
And my mother...
She barely survived that.
Why didn't anyone tell her?
Because they liked him.
They liked him
more than her or me.
He was a cheater.
He was a liar.
And nobody held it against him.
That's the truth.
Men like that.
Men like Bill Clinton--
they ruin lives.
And they get away with it.
They just do.
God.
"Congratulations,
you've been accepted
into the White House
internship program."
-Oh, honey.
-I'm fine.
I honestly cannot stop
thinking about that apology
his lawyer said was from him.
He's sorry for all
that you've been through? I...
That's something
that you say to a coworker
who's having a tough month,
one that you're
not even that close to.
I would have done anything
to protect him.
I did.
Because that's
how much he meant to me.
But him?
Every single chance
that he had to help me,
he-he chose to do nothing.
When I got that subpoena, he...
he could have said,
"Monica, don't lie.
Don't break the law.
Don't do that for me."
And that-and that first week,
when this all came out
and everyone was saying
that I was a stalker
and that I was making it all up,
he just...
he just sat there
a-and let them.
He could have stopped this
at any time.
She is known as Jane Doe #5,
but tonight, we can reveal her
as 56-year-old
Juanita Broaddrick.
She met Bill Clinton in 1978.
He invited her
to drop by his campaign office
in Little Rock.
-Did you like him?
-JUANITA: Yes.
I became a supporter.
And he told me
if I was ever in Little Rock
to come down
to the campaign office.
So, next time I was there,
I did,
and we made a plan
to meet for coffee
and talk about
state reimbursements
to nursing homes.
But Broaddrick says
when Clinton arrived,
Clinton asked to meet
in her hotel room.
Did you have any qualms
about that?
I was a little uneasy.
But I didn't feel any...
any sense of danger.
But then
we were talking in my room,
and all of a sudden,
he sort of turned me around
and started kissing me.
That was a real shock.
What did you do?
I-I pushed him away at first.
I just told him,
"Please don't do that."
And he said,
"Well, did you not know
why I was coming up here?"
And then what happened?
Then he tries to kiss me again.
And the second time
he tries to kiss me,
he starts... biting.
On my lip.
I... Just...
I try to pull away from him,
and then he forces me down
on the bed.
And I just was...
very frightened.
And I tried to pull away
from him.
I tried to get away,
and I told him no.
That this was not something
that I wanted to happen,
and he just didn't listen to me.
Did you resist?
Did you tell him to stop?
Yes, I told him,
"Please, don't."
But he... was just
a different person.
He was just a...
vicious, awful person.
(Juanita sniffles)
Then everything was over with,
and he got up
and straightened himself,
and I was crying and...
He walks to the door
and just calmly puts on
his sunglasses.
Before he goes out, he says,
"Better get some ice on that."
So, you're saying
that Bill Clinton
sexually assaulted you?
-That he raped you?
-Yes.
(indistinct chatter)
Ugh, God, another Clinton woman.
Aren't the Grammys on?
(cheering and applause on TV)
Oh, great.
We missed it.
What are you and Val doing
this weekend?
Santana and Rob Thomas
are coming
to the Merriweather
Post Pavilion.
MAN:
Nice.
TINA:
Ms. Tripp.
(Linda groans)
I'm awake.
I'm awake. It didn't work.
Oh, no, it's over. All done.
You're in recovery.
We'll move you
to your own room soon.
I'll be going with you.
I'm Tina.
I'm your private nurse.
What?
We can't afford that.
Well, I think it's all paid for.
Remember?
Oh, yeah.
Lucianne.
Who's that?
My literary agent.
Her friends.
They wanted
to help me look better.
That's so nice.
Can I have my cigarettes?
Sorry.
-(phone ringing)
-(paper rustles)
-Hi.
-CAT: You all moved in?
(sighs)
No. You're such a freak.
It's been two days.
I kind of like
to take my time.
Find a place for everything.
(chuckles)
You know your book
is everywhere, right?
(exhales)
I know. It's so weird.
-I have a signing later today.
-Are you nervous?
I just want it all
to be over with.
-And how are you doing?
-Fine.
I mean, really.
Cat, I'm fine.
Honestly.
It's nice here.
Sometimes people leave me alone.
Oh, Cat, I have to go.
I have to start getting ready
to go out and be Monica.
Well, give other Monica my bes.
I will.
Love you.
*
-Hi. You joining us for lunch?
-I'm meeting someone.
Oh, thank you.
Uh, the reservation
should be under Collins.
He works for George.
-George magazine.
-Yes, he's here.
Follow me.
-This way.
-Thank you.
Hello.
Oh, hi.
God, uh, I hope it's okay to say
I didn't recognize you.
Thank you. I hope
you can write that. (chuckles)
-That I look different.
-(chuckles)
(exhales)
-I'm a fan of your magazine.
-Oh, thanks.
Did you ever get to meet
JFK Jr.?
Yeah, of course.
He was my boss.
Oh, I nearly met him once.
I used to, uh, be director
of this extremely visible
program
under, uh,
the secretary of defense.
We organized tours.
Back in '97,
he almost attended one.
Oh.
What happened to him was so sad.
-It's very tragic.
-Yeah.
It was.
It was devastating.
(clears throat)
It okay if I, uh...?
Oh. (chuckles)
Well,
if anyone would have to agree
to that, it's me.
(chuckles)
Right.
So,
you're finally talking to press.
Why?
(sighs)
I made a horrendous mistake.
For a long time,
I didn't think it appropriate
to come forward,
but, uh, that allowed
other forces
to, um, shape
the conventional wisdom
as it relates to Linda Tripp.
You feel like there's been
a smear campaign against you?
Of course,
but that's not all of it.
Clearly, I generate, uh,
a visceral response in people.
You think that would change
with a new look?
I hope so.
I mean, when the story broke
and I saw pictures of myself,
I wanted to sink into the earth.
Until all this happened,
I didn't know how ugly I was.
WOMAN:
Go for an hour.
Nothing more, nothing less.
We've told them you'll only
sign copies of the book,
nothing else, and they
can only ask nice questions.
-Nice questions?
-WOMAN: You'll do awesome.
They're here
because they want to see you.
COLLINS:
Have you read Monica's book?
-Parts of it.
-I was surprised
by how upsetting it is.
She's been in a lot of pain.
And she wrote
she couldn't believe the cruelty
of someone
who would tape that pain.
I wonder how you feel
about that.
Well, uh, I don't know
what to say to that.
(indistinct chatter)
It's bigger than I thought.
I know. It's an amazing turnout.
COLLINS:
When was the last time
-you spoke to Monica?
-Thank you.
Uh, at the mall.
That day.
Do you remember what you said?
I told her they'd done
the same thing to me.
Was that true?
No.
No, it was a lie.
But...
I didn't...
I didn't know what to say
in that moment.
What would you say to her now?
If you saw her?
Would you ever try
to reach out to her?
Oh, I don't, uh, I don't think
that would be welcome.
(cheering and applause)
(reporters clamoring)
(mouths)
WOMAN:
Monica! Monica! Over here!
-Monica!
-MAN: Monica!
WOMAN:
Monica, you look so gorgeous.
Monica! Monica?
(clamoring continues)
WOMAN 2:
We love you, Monica!
We love you! We love you!
MAN 2:
Oh, my God, Monica.
Hi, Monica.
-Monica! Monica!
-Thank you.
-(clamoring echoes)
-WOMAN 2: Monica!
I'm just trying to talk
to Monica.
(echoing clamoring)
WOMAN:
Monica! Monica!
I love your lipstick.
Hey, do you still love Bill?
WOMAN 2:
No questions!
MAN:
She can answer a question
if she wants!
Come on.
WOMAN 3:
Monica, I'm your biggest fan.
-(clamoring and applause)
-I need a moment.
(audience groans)
(clamoring continues
in distance)
I know in a million years,
she'll probably
never understand.
What do you want her
to understand?
I know it looks horrible.
(chuckles softly)
I know it looks like a betrayal.
But she was his victim.
He caused all this.
He did.
I just wish she could see
that I saved her.
-(clamoring)
-(knock on door)
Monica, are you okay?
(knock on door)
Just need a minute.
I'll be okay.
(inhales)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH